[Music]
nine rules no royal lady would ever
break
members of the royal family are always
in the public eye their spotlight
becomes even more intense on special
occasions like the upcoming Royal
Wedding of Prince Harry and MS Megan
Markel somehow the Royal ladies outfits
hair and makeup always look flawless no
matter what the reason is these beauty
rules that royal women continue to live
by every day number 9 no bright lipstick
you will never see a woman from the
royal family rocking brightly coloured
lipstick it is simply forbidden to wear
red or bold berry shades using any other
color than pink and nude is considered
to be inappropriate one of the benefits
of this rule is that the royal women
will never be caught with lipstick on
their teeth the only exception from this
rule is Queen Elizabeth who has her
signature pink lips
number eight no heavy contouring
[Music]
well Kim Kardashian is the queen of
Instagram and a hardcore fan of
contouring conversely the future Queen
of Sweden Crown Princess Victoria isn't
allowed to accentuate her cheekbones at
all
royal ladies should always stick to more
natural makeup that can freshen their
face if they like by adding a little bit
of blush number 7
[Music]
royal ladies never wear full glam makeup
looks you will never see any false
lashes winged liner or smokey eyes on
them
royal eye makeup usually consists of a
little bit of high shadow and mascara
heavy makeup is considered to be a sign
of distaste number-6 makeup should be
long lasting
Queens princesses and other women of
title usually attend different types of
events of activities which can be held
outdoors
sometimes these events last many hours
but royal makeup must stay flawless no
matter how hot rainy or windy it is the
key to makeup stay input is to use a
very good powder and to set the makeup
with a spray to sum it up if you want to
look like a princess
your makeup should look absolutely
natural to achieve this you can apply
some concealer and matte foundation a
filler will help you define your
eyebrows apply some light matte
eyeshadow coat your eyelashes with two
layers of mascara choose a natural color
of lipstick a light touch of Rose blush
will underline the elegance of your look
people tend to judge by appearance under
the first impression they get depends on
how you look however the way you behave
is not less important and will tell you
how to hold yourself a bit later
[Music]
number five no touch-ups in public
according to cosmetic etiquette it's
inappropriate to put makeup on in public
places but in fact women can do a
touch-up with a simple compact powder or
a lipstick royal women however are
strictly forbidden from doing even that
apparently makeup touch-ups art classy
or elegant
number four no bright nail-polish royal
ladies prefer to keep their nails short
and cover them with semi sheer nude nail
polish Queen Elizabeth herself loves the
shade of ballet slippers from Essie the
number one rule is to keep their
manicures simple and tidy that's why if
you want to look like a royal lady visit
a nail studio on a regular basis or care
about your nails at home and if you
aren't a fan of colored nail polish just
copy your nails with some clear topcoat
[Music]
number three there should be styled
properly royal protocol approved simple
and neat hairstyles the Duchess of
Cambridge Catherine Middleton for
example has her own signature hairstyle
that consists of bouncy curls it's
obvious that royal ladies have
professionals working on their hair
cutting treating colouring and styling
it but even without a team of
professionals you can take good care of
your hair visit a hair salon at least
several times a month to have your hair
professionally cut and colored remember
to curl the ends of your hair on a daily
basis this will give your strands a tidy
and elegant look messy ballerina buns
greasy or tangled hair are 100%
forbidden number two
modesty is the key element this point is
non-negotiable they aren't allowed to
wear clothes revealing their cleavage
Princess Diana used to break this rule
from time to time and opted for a lower
neckline but in this case she always
held her clutch in front of her chest
while climbing out of the car
[Music]
number one hats used for formal events
according to the royal dress code
hats are required for all types of
formal events including weddings and
Christmas services crowns can be worn
only by a queen or a king tiaras are
appropriate to wear on full dress
occasions however only married women are
allowed to do this and if you are you
have to make sure that the tiara sits
right in the middle of your head at the
angle of 45 degrees most commonly tiaras
are worn on a woman's wedding day as for
a royal outfit the main rule here is the
mixture of conservativism and elegant
fashion princesses are famous for their
classic and chic style of dress however
that doesn't mean that you can't choose
clothes as smart and stylish as royal
ladies wear
here's several simple rules don't expose
too much skin the hemlines of your skirt
or dress should it be much shorter than
just above your knees your chest arms
and back are to be modestly covered as
well high-quality basic pieces of
clothing never get out of fashion that's
why it's always a good idea to opt for a
skirt suit white glasses Blazers and an
elegant trench coat as for shoes it's
better to choose the ones with close
toes you can follow the example of
duchess Kate and mix high-end and
low-end jewelry and clothing items this
way your outfit will look unique if an
occasion is casual something on a pair
of straight leg jeans a top and a blazer
if the weather is cool flats or pumps
will complete your image accessories are
often the most important element that
helps to underline your style a scarf
some simple jewelry and a clutch will
finalize your casual outfit if an
occasion is formal
an elegant and simple dress or a skirt
suit will be the best choice accessorize
it with a hat some jewelry and the purse
if you're heading for a special event
put on a simple but bold colored evening
dress you can put on some expensive
jewelry but be careful
don't overdo two pieces of jewelry are
more than enough bonus behaving like
royalty the first rule is to remain calm
and composed during situations that can
potentially make you nervous or
embarrassed you need to learn to handle
everything that comes your way with
grace don't hurry to react negatively
compose yourself breathe in breathe out
and now get back the control over your
emotions and what is even more important
words and actions this means not
concentrating on the situations that
seem embarrassing to you rushing off
minor annoyances and coping with
stressful situations staying positive be
reserved in everything you post on your
social media don't upload dubious
pictures and don't send inappropriate
messages always act respectfully and
remember about dignity choose your words
carefully before you speak this way you
won't ruffle anyone's feelings and
nobody will be able to reproach you for
snapping at them
don't forget about the way you stand sit
and move
if you stand your posture should be
straight if you sit one ankle should be
put behind the other one or your knees
and ankles should be pressed together
and slightly slanted to one side
avoid slouching by all means when you go
somewhere don't just walk glide such
style of walking is nothing you can't
master as its technical not inborn what
do you think of the Royal beauty
protocol tell us in the comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life the brights
[Music]